0.What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis
Answer:According to the Oxford English Dictionary, it is "an artificial long word said to mean a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust.

1.According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
Answer: getrusage() returns resource usage measures for who, which can be RUSAGE_SELF,RUSAGE_CHILDREN,RUSAGE_THREAD;

2.Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
 16 members
3.Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
Answer: it is faster and more efficient

4.Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
Answer: first main check if the file is loaded, it loops through the whole file doing the following:
    *it checks if the character is an alphabet or an apostrophe, if the cahracter is an apostrophe then the index must be greater than
    zero, then it append the character to the word;
    *if word is greater than 45(longest word in dictionary), it sets index back to zero and move to the next line
    *while iterating through a line if its found a digit it ignores the remaining string, then set index to zero
    *if index is greater than zero it increment number of words found
    *using a timer, it checks for misspellings and increment 

5.Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
Answer: fgetc we can check character by character for validity , with fscanf we cant since it spits only string, 

6.Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const?
Answers: because those parameters wont be changed

7.What data structure(s) did you use to implement your spell-checker? Be sure not to leave your answer at just "hash table," "trie," or the like. Expound on what’s inside each of your "nodes."
Answer: I used a TRIE, with two members : a bool to check if string is word and struct node of pointers, each alpabet is assigned to a pointer
while looping through the file if a new alphabet is found, it is assigned to the root

8.How slow was your code the first time you got it working correctly?
Answer: it wasn't slow

9.What kinds of changes, if any, did you make to your code in order to improve its performance?
Answer: since my code wasn't slow i had no reason to change anything
10.Do you feel that your code has any bottlenecks that you were not able to chip away at?